Clarifies where the IPFS icon is on menubar (#1015)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/install/ipfs-desktop.md

![Status screen of IPFS Desktop](./images/ipfs-desktop/desktop-status.png)

> | Files screen                                                               | Explore screen                                                                 | Peers screen                                                               | Settings screen                                                                  | Menubar: top right                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Files screen                                                               | Explore screen                                                                 | Peers screen                                                               | Settings screen                                                                  | Menubar/taskbar                                                                      |
```

This is OS-specific. We don't want to do that.

| -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![Screenshot of the Files screen](./images/ipfs-desktop/desktop-files.png) | ![Screenshot of the Explore screen](./images/ipfs-desktop/desktop-explore.png) | ![Screenshot of the Peers screen](./images/ipfs-desktop/desktop-peers.png) | ![Screenshot of the Settings screen](./images/ipfs-desktop/desktop-settings.png) | ![Screenshot of Mac/Windows menus](./images/ipfs-desktop/desktop-menubar-taskbar.png) |

### Feature highlights

> - **Start your node at system startup (Mac/Windows) and control it from your OS** by right-clicking the IPFS icon on the top right of your computer's menubar. <!-- ![IPFS Menubar Icon](.images/ipfs-menubar-icon.png). How do I get an image added? Is this the right format for an inline image? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Start your node at system startup (Mac/Windows) and control it from your OS** using the convenient menubar/system tray menu.
```

Again, the location of the IPFS icon is specific to each operating system. We can expect users to know where to look if we say _status bar icon_ or something like that. Revert this back to the original.

- **Quickly import files, folders, and screenshots to IPFS** in a variety of convenient ways, including drag-and-drop and (for Windows) right-clicking a file/folder's icon.
- **Easily manage the contents of your node** with a familiar file browser that offers quick shortcuts for renaming/moving/pinning files and folders, previewing many common file formats directly in IPFS Desktop, copying content IDs or shareable links to your clipboard, and more.

> - **Quick download for CIDs, IPFS paths, and IPNS paths** — choose `Download...` by right-clicking the IPFS icon on your computer's menubar, paste in a hash, and you're good to go.

Reviewer: This is good!
